So we'll keep moving, we got the buttons,
all that's looking good, now let's
render the seek bar, so we have that seek
bar there it like I said, it won't work.
It won't actually do anything
until we get some state going, so
underneath the center element that we did,
this is where we'll render it.
We'll make another box here,
I think the color for
this as far as when I say color I'm
talking text for like these numbers,
they're not quite right white,
they're more like a gray ish.
So I'm going to put the color here 600,
so gray dots 600 and
then inside of here, we're going to use
a flex because if you look at the SeekBar,
we basically have three items.
So we have the current runtime,
the SeekBar itself and
then the overall duration,
so that that'll be a flex,
will this flex over those,
so I'm gonna add a flex.
And then I just wanna make sure that
everything is centered like it should be,
so I'm gonna add justify center here and
align center which will vertically
center it as well, so we got those.
The next section is going to be
the runtime that number for the runtime so
we want to be able to position
that independently so
we'll wrap it in a box even
though it's just gonna be text.
And then within that box,
like I said it's just gonna be text, but
I always wrap it in a box so
we can position it.
I wanna add margin to a text
element like a paragraph or
other added to the div that
contains the paragraph.
Or imagine adding padding to, it would
totally affect the way that text looked,
so you want to add it to its container.
So we'll do that and then now we kind of
got to think about the different widths of
these columns in the flex container.
So if we go back and look, the SeekBar
literally takes up like at least 80% of
this whole row, so I'm just going to
make these two numbers like 10% each and
then the SeekBar will take up 80.
So we'll get this box and
with a 10% like so and then for
the text, we just hard coded number
right quick, so I'll just put like,
we're currently at one minute and
21 seconds, something like that.
Font size, I think this one's probably
gonna look good extra small, so
we'll do that.
So if we go back and look,
here we go, I got our 121,
it's gonna be centered because
nothing else is coming after it and
I put justify center so
it's gonna stay at the center.
As soon as we add in the range next that's
gonna 80% you'll see this thing slide over
to the left.
So let's do that, so the next column is
going to be the range so we'll also add
a box to add some container to that and
this is gonna have a width of 80%.
And then we'll use the range
slider component that we imported,
if you did not import already,
it's chakra UI, so
here's the range slider, and
this thing takes a lot of props.
It also takes a child so
we'll put some stuff in between it,
as far as the props go,
it's a little weird how it works, so
the first thing is it takes an ARIA label,
wow, what was that?
Alright, label, there we go and
According to the documentation really
wants you to set because I think this
range slider has the ability to
have like multiple thumbs on it.
So it can be it can range on either side
like it can go up and down the left and
up and down on the right,
we only we don't want to do that.
So we but we still have to set a min max
even though we're only going from left to
right So we'll save min max here on ARIA.
You might get an error saying like
that's not supported and ARIA label,
it probably isn't but range slider
is not a built in element in HTML.
So that error is just not
appropriate range sliders,
obviously doing something with
this ARIA label that it needs.
And then for another one's called step so
how many values do you wanna
increase by every time you do a tick
basically, so we wanna increase by 0.1.
And then it's gonna ask for the min, so in
this case, the minutes just got to be zero
because you want to, that's where we start
off at zero and then we want the max.
The max, once we get the songs and
the durations, we'll do some math and
we'll figure out what the duration is,
we'll put that in there but for
now, just put a number.
You can put whatever number you want,
I'll probably just make it match the We're
gonna have a, no I had a runtime winner,
yeah, just put whatever you want
because we're gonna make that better.
We're gonna make that real and
then everything else is just a bunch of
like on changes and handlers and values,
things that we haven't set up yet
what state I'm also just gonna put it her.
Just in case we need to get a reference
to it, I'm just gonna say, player range,
so we get a nice reference to it.
Like I said,
you'll get this error here for
the ARIA label with yes lint saying like,
it must be a string, but
this is fine, this is what it wants,
it wants it all right, so ignore that.
And then like I said,
this component does take children,
so for children,
we're going to do a range slider track, so
this will be the actual just be this the
track that the range actually goes across.
You see it's starting to populate, so
we got that, we're going to get this one
a different background that's
slightly different color.
So this will have a background
of grade 800 like that and
then a child of this is gonna
be the range slider field track.
And this is just a self closing and
it's going to have
a different background of
slightly lighter so gray.600.
So this would be the the darker
one in the background and
this would be the 1onethat's
actually moving when the song plays.
So it's slightly lighter for is,
the track that it runs on is darker,
so if you go back you can kind of see it.
You can see it's filled out the way
it's filled out on mine because of
the fake values that I put in,
if you put a different values you
might see something different.
Like I said the track
is the darker one and
then the one the child of
that is the lighter one here.
Okay, now we got to add the thumb which
honestly is like, invisible but I think
we have to add it anyway, otherwise we
can't do like the clicking and dragging.
So Spotify is designed, it really isn't
like a thumb that you can grab but I was
not able to get this work, I was not able
to get this to work without adding this.
So even though we won't see it, it still
has to be there, so we'll do a range
slider thumb like this, it's self closing
and we just need to say index zero.
And the reason Apple index zero is because
like I said, this component supports
multiple thumbs, you can have like,
a bunch of thumbs on this range slider.
So it's saying where on the range
do you want this stuff to exist,
there's only one so we're gonna put
zero we wanted to be the first one.
But you can add like I can
make more if I want and
put put them somewhere else but
we're not going to
do that okay, so
you can see the thumbnails there.
The moves, that's good to go,
we're almost done with the UI part,
we've got to add
the duration on the end and
then I'll push this up because
the duration is actually quite simple.
So the duration is just going to
be the box, right after this box
before the flex closes, it's the last
column, so we'll add another box here.
It will be a width of 10% just
like the runtime before it and
just like the runtime is just gonna be
a text with the font of extra small and
it's gonna say what the current duration.
So I'm just gonna put a number here
because obviously we've got to fill that
out with a real value soon and
we do want to add one more thing here.
We will do a text align, right because
we don't do that it'll be we want to
push over to the right, so we want to
be to the right side of its container.
Whereas by default,
everything starts at the left side
it just won't look appropriate,
so there we go, font size, sorry,
likewise it looks a bit cool.